1. An exception is an event, which occurs during the execution of a program, 
that disrupts the normal flow of the program's instructions and leads to the termination of the program execuiton.

2.Exception handling is an mechanism where we try to handle to event by writing some logic so that our program will not
terminate and continues the execution.

3.checked exceptions are those which are predicted and seen by the compiler and unchecked exceptions are those which 
the compiler will not come to know about them. For checked exception compiler will force us to handle them as it can identify them.

error: error is an serious problem and jvm throws an error to indicate  a serious problem.
we can also catch an error but catching an error will not make a sense.
Error is also subclass of Throwable class.
some of the errors are stackOverFlowError, OutOfMemoryError.

4. throw is used to raise an exception
 throws is used to say  to jvm that the excepiton handling logic will not be here check at the caller.

5.
Multithreading in Java is a process of executing multiple threads simultaneously.

A thread is a lightweight sub-process, the smallest unit of processing. 
Multiprocessing and multithreading, both are used to achieve multitasking.

7. we can handle exceptions by making use of try catch blocks. The handling logic will be written
inside the catch block.

8. A thread is a light weight process it is a single line of execution.

9. one way is extending the Thread class and the other way is by implementing the runnable interface and
passing the class object that implemented the runnable interface to the thread class constructor.
At last to make the thread start we should invoke the start() method.

10. In java garbage collection is the process of collecting the objects which are not having any reference
,data which are no longer needed and then there by freeing the memory
In other words it is the process of reclaiming the runtime unused memory automatically.